c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\SuperFishHunter.exe
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\SuperFishHunter.pdb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\obj\x86\Debug\SuperFishHunter.exe
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\obj\x86\Debug\SuperFishHunter.pdb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Back Health.xnb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Front Health.xnb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\ShmupLib.dll
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\ShmupLib.pdb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\obj\x86\Debug\SuperFishHunter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Rogue.xnb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Bullet.xnb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\menufont.xnb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\titlefont.xnb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\blank.xnb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Large Fish - Clr. Variations Available.xnb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Med Fish.xnb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Moby Dick.xnb
c:\users\nathaniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Small Fish.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Back Health.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Front Health.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Rogue.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Bullet.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\blank.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Med Fish.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Moby Dick.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Small Fish.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\menufont.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\titlefont.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\SuperFishHunter.exe
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\SuperFishHunter.pdb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\ShmupLib.dll
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\ShmupLib.pdb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\obj\x86\Debug\SuperFishHunter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\obj\x86\Debug\SuperFishHunter.exe
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\obj\x86\Debug\SuperFishHunter.pdb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Player Bar Back.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Player Bar Front.xnb
C:\Users\Nathaniel\Desktop\JamLib\ShmupLib\SuperFishHunter\SuperFishHunter\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Large Fish.xnb
